And now it's time for us to do the final operation of this particular, uh, this particular extraction
and indexing operation, which is storing the embedded vectors into the storage, which is on the vector
databases.
And if you remember, we already have discussed about the vector stores.
The vector stores are going to store the embedded data and perform similarity search.
That is what is going to do.
And there are many different types of vector stores available, as I told you as well.
So basically you are going to use either in-memory Xtradb, chroma for us, Milvus and many more.
They also have got what is called as SQL server for that matter, and you can use it as well if you
wanted to.
And we are going to be using the chroma over here, which is the, uh, which is the AI native open
source vector database focused on developer productivity.
That is what we are going to be using.
And this is very straightforward to use it as well.
And the way you can use it is you need to first of all install the Lang chain chroma tool, uh, within
our within our system.
So make sure that we actually do that.
And once we have it, we can then start using it over here.
And once again we need to have the Lang Smith API key for the traceability purpose.
We are going to be doing all those things over there pretty soon, and then we can see the traceability
and stuff and see that we have already did the embedding in our last lecture.
So this is not even required.
And while we use with the chroma database, we just have to use the vector stores is equal to chroma.
And the collection name, the embedding function which is this embedding and the persistence uh persistent
directory is going to be the chroma lang chain underscore DB.
So basically this is the place where it is going to store a local copy of your, uh, embedding data.
This is very, very important because you don't really have to run this line of code every single time.
Rather, you can just use from the local data store while you retrieve the data from the for the Rag
operation.
So that is what this particular stuff is going to be doing.
Uh, and the same thing is applicable for any other types of vector stores as well.
So for instance, if you're going to be using this for years, which is the Facebook AI similarity search
library, which is also one of the most popular library in community.
People do use this a lot as well, and you can see that it contains algorithms that search in a set
of vectors of any size up to once that is possible, we do not even fit in the Ram.
Look at that.
It can just do the similarity search.
So good, uh, of this big size.
And over here the code is also pretty similar.
You're going to have an embedding, and then you will see that it is going to use an in-memory, um,
data store doc store.
And then it is going to do these, these, these things, which is amazing.
So you can do that as well.
And like how the details are going to be managed.
It's all shown in here.
Amazing.
So this is about us.
And as I told you we are going to be using the chroma in our case for our Rag operation.
So we'll see how we could able to achieve that.
So I'm going to go to this chroma again.
And let's first do the setup so that we can talk about how we can use the Uh, chroma.
In our next lecture of this course.
So I'm going to go to the, uh, Visual Studio Code and let's try to do a markdown over here.
I'm going to say for off vector stores and I take and I'm going to add the code.
This is the installation part that I'm going to be doing.
And I'm just going to say chroma lang chroma, which is this one.
I'm going to just install the latest and the greatest version of the Lang Chroma.
I've tried it before.
It just works fine.
So I'm not worried about using the latest version without any hesitation.
So let's run this particular piece and see what's really going to happen.
There we go.
It's installed and we can just comment this particular piece because we don't need to run this every
single time.
So that's what I'm going to be doing over here.
And now we are going to be using the chroma over here.
And we'll start writing the code, and we'll see how we can start storing the document details into
our chroma.